Recently, the Qin family received funding from a secret consortium
The Qin family's re-ascent to the top will become the first guarantee
at the same time
The Ye family has been refunded by various partners
Stock plummeted
Qin Shao, the heir to the Qin family, said
The Qin family will pay 10% of the market value.
Acquire all the properties of the Ye family
The Ye family is now defeated on Shendao
About to be acquired
I want to withdraw my shares. What?
How can we do this?
A family was hit by a huge asset
All partners have run away
We don't have any companies that are diluted.
Now the business people of the Ye family are flustered
What's the use of packing now?
Uncle Wang
Please contact all the companies under your name ASAP.
See who else cares about getting hurt
We only have my old commercial street left now.
Not acquired
Watch him die
Presumably tomorrow
You will lose the last estate of the Ye family
Oh look
If you had listened to me earlier and cooperated with the Qin family
You will not be reduced to such a world
You still have the face to come back
Didn't you leave the Ye family for Qin Chu?
Oh, I played enough and it was worthless, so I got dumped.
fart
I am such a beautiful Qin Shao
How could you not want me?
I will be ordered by Young Master Qin in my next life
Let your Ye family obediently hand over the equity
Lest he go to trial
You don't need to worry about our Ye family's affairs.
I don't care
The Ye family has been reduced to such a world
It's all because of you
And this trash
If I were the Qin family
Let the wild family disappear long ago
shut up
Kneel down dad
I heard about you at night